dressage riding is the base of all
riding it really emphasizes the
fundamentals of riding and give you a
real groundwork for anything else you
want to do with your horse as a jumper
rider I try and incorporate your size
riding into every everyday riding and
instill it into all of my students your
size riding focuses on your connection
between your leg in your hand it focuses
on your horses reactions to your aides
it focuses on flexibility and
straightness and general responsiveness
of your horse and really the connection
between you and your horse some of the
different things that you'll do in
dressage compared to maybe just normal
hunt seat riding or basic riding would
be lateral movements such as leg guild
shoulder it punches in and half past
you